---
title: "💰 zCube Economy Nerf: 25x More Chaos 🤪"
date: 2025-12-11
timestamp: 2025-12-11T16:36:45.354Z
discord_message_id: 1448715140638970027
author: zosky
channel: announcements
categories: meh
reactions: 24
---

Hi @everyone 👋

One month live and honestly, it still feels like we're just awkwardly shuffling into the party, but hey, Thanks for being here!

A few totally necessary updates on our journey to digital-nomad-streamer fame/bankruptcy:
- Poor <@426758002184290316>  💀: His sub auto-renewed and punched him in the wallet (RIP 💸), but now he's officially 1st to get the +20K zCubes sub reward, so maybe it was worth the tears?
- Massive respect and a virtual hug 🤗 to stagger again for the 5 gifted subs! You basically handed us the keys to this barely-running clown car for the first month. Much appreciated.
- One of those lucky subs landed on <@795113317668093982> , officially inducting him into the exclusive, slightly dusty Channel Founder club! 🍾 Welcome to the cult.
- **There are now 4 Founder Badges up for grabs** (for the first 10 subs). *Get in while the getting is questionably good.*
# 💰 zCube Economy Nerf: 25x More Chaos 🤪
I massively nerfed VodVote dominance. You now have __25x__ more ways to earn:
- **VodVote WINs x10**: $1111/$win$ (split by all winners) ~~was $111zC~~ 
  - __no change__ to newGame (`!vote`) / newEntry (`!g..`) 
- **PixelPower x10** 
  -  ~160-220/word$ ~~was ~16/word~~
- **ZoskyZappers** 
  - **zz-PvP x3**: 567/345 (W/L) ~~was 234/123~~ 
  - **zz-PvE x2**: 234/123 (W/L) ~~was 111/11~~
## TLDR:
The zCube economy is a hot mess that's almost ready to scale. I'm busy building more tools, processes, and capabilities for this digital dumpster fire. In the meantime, tell your friends... 🤫 || You might start getting a small kickback for any cubes they win. Maybe. 😉 ||
## Lmk what you think
